book 1 
The 2023 edition takes readers on a journey that's out of this world! With bonus digital content throughout, we reveal the latest and greatest record-breaking achievements here on Planet Earth and across the vast distances of space. With ever more focus on diversity and inclusion, we showcase the most inspirational, eye-catching, mind-blowing achievements from the past year, across a multitude of topics such as gaming and the human body, engineering and wildlife. As lockdown restrictions ease, humanity's horizons are expanding once again, and our world is experiencing unprecedented change - in the environment, culture, technology and society. Keeping up with this dizzying revolution are the Guinness World Records adjudicators, who've been busier than ever documenting the Officially Amazing. The result is Guinness World Records 2023!


Publisher ‏ : ‎ Guinness World Records Limited (15 Sept. 2022)
Language ‏ : ‎ English
Hardcover ‏ : ‎ 256 pages
ISBN-10 ‏ : ‎ 1913484211
ISBN-13 ‏ : ‎ 978-1913484217
Dimensions ‏ : ‎ 22.6 x 1.8 x 30.3 cm

book 2
Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Who Helped Win the Space Race is a 2016 nonfiction book written by Margot Lee Shetterly. Shetterly started working on the book in 2010.The book takes place from the 1930s through the 1960s, depicting the particular barriers for Black women in science during this time, thereby providing a lesser-known history of NASA. The biographical text follows the lives of Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan, and Mary Jackson, three mathematicians who worked as computers (then a job description) at NACA and NASA, during the space race. They overcame discrimination there, as women and as African Americans. Also featured is Christine Darden, who was the first African-American woman to be promoted into the Senior Executive Service for her work in researching supersonic flight and sonic booms.
publisher:Margot Lee Shetterly

book3
DESCRIPTION
 
REVIEWS (0)
How The Secret Changed My Life - Rhonda Byrne

book4
Freakonomics - Steven D Levitt

book5
A provocative, original and compelling history of catastrophes and their consequences
Disasters are by their very nature hard to predict. Pandemics, like earthquakes, wildfires, financial crises and wars, are not normally distributed; there is no cycle of history to help us anticipate the next catastrophe. But when disaster strikes, we ought to be better prepared than the Romans were when Vesuvius erupted or medieval Italians when the Black Death struck. We have science on our side, after all. Yet the responses of a number of devloped countries to a new pathogen from China were badly bungled. Why?
The facile answer is to blame poor leadership. While populist rulers have certainly performed poorly in the face of the pandemic, more profund problems have been exposed by COVID-19. Only when we understand the central challenge posed by disaster in history can we see that this was also a failure of an administrative state and of economic elites that had grown myopic over much longer than just a few years. Why were so many Cassandras for so long ignored? Why did only some countries learn the right lessons from SARS and MERS? Why do appeals to 'the science' often turn out to be mere magical thinking?
Drawing from multiple disciplines, including history, economics and network science, Doom: The Politics of Catastrophe is a global post mortem for a plague year. Drawing on preoccupations that have shaped his books for some twenty years, Niall Ferguson describes the pathologies that have done us so much damage: from imperial hubris to bureaucratic sclerosis and online schism. COVID-19 was a test failed by countries who must learn some serious lessons from history if they are to avoid the doom of irreversible decline.

book 6
India's Tryst With The Atom is the first comprehensive book on India's nuclear programme - peaceful applications as well as the nuclear weapon option. The book gives an overview of the Indian nuclear scenario - the confluence of Nehru and Bhabha which laid a sound foundation; an umbrella organisation for nuclear technology acquisitions, freed from bureaucratic tentacles, where science was in command; building nuclear infrastructure and a chain of R & D centres for advanced nuclear technologies, round which India's nuclear edifice has been built. The book gives an insight into what it calls disentangling advanced science and technology from political manipulations, nuclear diplomacy, and the games played by the Big Powers to impede India's nuclear quest. The book is the story of a nuclear dream comes true. The book unfolds Indian nuclear establishment's great work in bending nuclear technology for Indian humanity - in medicine, agriculture and food preservation, hydrology, water management, and for providing cutting edge technology to Indian industry.

